Australian. Thank you very much this is your springfield meaning in gender. For every 2025 community hall. Starting an exactly 1:00 p.m.. I am altitude introduction to myself my america's the premier league what one. I want to use any occasions ki. The next movie award for. And the wonder of who go to the proof of the general amendment service station. Enormous scared. Google prove the emirates. That's give me the whole minutes from the last time will be a master. Nic numbers in support. Haryana sanskrit. Let me go to international business first one will be a 6.1. Discussions on airtel. So just came to cancel the previous committee of the whole. I am. Just a few suggestions on necessary product some changes that interact in the biological control can see what's changed. Are there is a request to. Define. Centre of fire rifle ammo so that has been included there. Other changes we talked about the shooting range and shooting gallery so there is a flight change that said does not include shooting gallery was removed. Aapke sath is proposed within a new bangla so we were moved that. I will just remove type powered. Because now we are just talking about centre fire rifle. So that's a few places where hypertrophy is removed. And then just some sections of the numbering had to be updated so you see some numbering change. Another flight change to add and the discharge of a fire alarm is not occurring in game areas 34a or 38 so that was added in. There is also discussion on the very last page about a fine amount that they may be were too low so we did look at comparable. And have suggested some increases sales fine amounts. So that's about the changes that. Wi-fi software install discussions with cancel. Thank you any discussions from my contact regards to the moments from my last march 11. Hasina. Show support an alarm for reading and analysis. Then go to 6.2 words inside the boiler. Previous committee of the whole meeting. I am not a kind of changes on this one. There was a comment made on. Office. Agar sex of the document. I want to talk about regular outdoor burning the smoke of which causes and nuisance to adjoining properties. Because we have that addressed in our fighter pilots we just decided to take the sound set of trying to explain what regular burning with mean. So. We just felt that it was easier to take it out of the spiral all together. The second documentation is the offence schedule and i know there are some comments on whether. These are appropriate find amount. I think. Specifically with the unsightly by what we try to get people to. What are so the point is not to find people we always want to try to get them to work with us willingly to crack the change so we were satisfied with the final match for this file. Thank you. Aqueous solution from my account. Achcha wala. Are google nothing outside the close the meaning. Going to close the meaning. I am going to talk. I want to close meaning at exactly one of 5:00 p.m.. Bade parshuram. Thank you close meaning at 1:30 can i get a more secondary close meaning. Alkaline battery. Who discuss the legal matters. Kurukshetra and prepare to a joint at. 178 p.m. thank you. 